Features labeled low priority are not integral to app. They take lower priority than unmarked features, but higher than bonus
Features labeled bonus should not be added unless they are easy to add. Else, wait until the rest of the app is functional

Proposed storage method for schedule:
    array (10 items) of arraylists of periods
    period (class (i.e. java Class)): time range, class name, room, color or block

Features in side bar:
    View Schedule:
        Defaults to today's schedule
        Swipe to left to see future days
        Days labeled with week day, cycle day, date?
        In portrait:
            periods labeled with time range, class name, room number?, teacher?
            periods color coded
            weekends exist
            Low priority: events:
                User-added events show up as a bar or a bracket over a time period (if given and during the school day)
                swipe up to view list of events (on days w/ events, a down arrow is present indicating their existence)
            Bonus: lunch periods show first item on menu, tap to see full menu
            Bonus: free periods show number of friends that share free, tap to see full list
        In landscape:
            periods color coded
            view current week (5 days) (first day shown could be monday of current week or current day, depending on overall app flow)
            no weekend - dividing line between Fri and Mon
        
    low priority: Events:
        User can add events
        Specify day(s) - one time, weekly, cycle-ly, weekly + cycle-ly (e.g. only on day 4 tuesdays)
            (could select list of cycle days and week days and use intersection - if no week days selected, assume all (and vice versa)) (this is poorly communicated, ask Dylan or Max)
        Specify start and end time (both optional - if one not provided, default to relevant midnight)
        Specify title/description (title mandatory, desciption optional)
        Specify whether to notify (and time before notification)
        Proposed storage method:
            use three tables- one for one-time events, one for cycle-ly, one for weekly. latter two can be checked only on relevant days
        
    Edit Schedule:
        Proposed: Like vertical view schedule
            First page: option to re-download schedule, edit each period block (e.g. period D is bio)
            pages 2-11: edit each day (manually add frees, choose between long and short block, etc.)
        
    Settings:
        low priority: Notifications:
            Some presets (e.g. notify me when free block ends)
            Show custom notifications
            Add custom notification:
                Choose between Event, Class, Time? (why do I have time written down? that could be an event, or done through alarm app. email max if you figure out why we need something other than events and class)
                Event: choose from existing events, set length of time to notify before
                Class: choose a set of class periods, set length of time to notify before
    Help:
        Nice version of this doc
        
    About:
        doop
        
    Feedback:
        we can make an email for feedback
        
    Bonus: Friends
        Add friends and view their schedules (esp. common frees)
    
